The story title is "The Business Meeting Adventure". 
The story author is "Moises Ramses Jauregui". 
The story headline is "Rising Star Takes the Lead: Young Professional Masters Business English and Secures Major Deal in High-Stakes Meeting Adventure". 
The story genre is "Educational". 
The release number is 1. 
The story description is "Rising star learns business English to secure major deal. Navigates challenges and obstacles in high-stakes meeting adventure." 
The story creation year is 2023. 

Section 1 - The Map

The Office is a room. "You are in an elegant office full of decorations. A passage leads west. [if the glass door is closed]A glass door blocks the way north.[otherwise]A glass door stands open to the north." A name badge is here. The name badge is wearable.
The Meeting Room is a room. "You are in a vast meeting room, with an exit south. [if the glass door is closed]A glass door blocks the way south.[otherwise]A glass door stands open to the south." A CEO chair is here.
A glass door is north of the Office and south of the Meeting Room. The glass door is a door. It is not openable. It is scenery.
The Business English Classroom is west of the Office. "You are in a comfortable business english classroom. The word WEALTH is inscribed on the ceiling. A passage leads east, and a corridor full of electronic security doors leads north."
The electronic security doors are north of the Business English Classroom and south of the Conference Room. The electronic security doors are a door. The electronic security doors are open. The electronic security doors are not openable. The electronic security doors are scenery.
The Conference Room is a room. "You're to the north of the business english classroom in a cubicle The only exit seems to be back the way you came, south among the electronic security doors." A keycard is here.

Section 2 - Getting through the electronic security doors by wearing a name badge

Check going through the electronic security doors:
	say "The alarm detects you while you pass.";
	if the name badge is worn:
		say "It identifies the name badge, which deactivates.";
		now the name badge is nowhere;
	otherwise if the name badge is carried:
		say "You're not actually wearing the name badge, so the alarm detects you.";
		end the story instead;
	otherwise:
		say "It informs security personnel about you. You have been escorted out of the building.";
		end the story instead.

Section 3 - Out of the cubicle by saying a code word

Understand "wealth" or "say wealth" as allocating wealth.
Allocating wealth is an action applying to nothing.
Check allocating wealth:
	if the player is not in the Conference room:
		say "Nothing happens." instead.
Carry out allocating wealth:
	say "There is a fanfare of financial success, and you are propelled to new heights of prosperity!";
	now the player is in the Office.

Section 4 - Opening the glass door to the meeting room by waving the keycard

After waving (noun):
	if the player is in the Office and the glass door is closed and noun is keycard:
		say "The glass door quietly swings open.";
		now the glass door is open;
	otherwise:
		say "Nothing happens."

Section 5 - The countdown - decreasing revenue levels

Table of Financial Spreadsheet
Turn Number	Message
1	"The budget for this quarter is overspent by 15%."
2	"The projected revenue for next quarter is lower than expected."
3	"The expenses for the last quarter exceeded our budget by 10%."
4	"The profit margin for this year is currently at a loss of 5%."
5	"The current cash flow is negative and insufficient to cover our expenses."
6	"The return on investment for this project is currently at a loss of 2%."
7	"The current liabilities for the company are higher than our assets."
8	"The net income for the last fiscal year was a loss of $500,000."
9	"The current trend in sales indicates a potential decrease in revenue next quarter."
10	"The company is currently operating at a loss."
11	"The company's stock price has dropped by 20% in the last quarter..."

Every turn:
	say "[the message corresponding to a Turn Number of turn count in the Table of Financial Spreadsheet]";
	if Turn Count is 11:
		end the story saying "You have been fired from the company!".

Section 6 - Achieving victory by taking the CEO chair

Carry out taking the CEO chair:
	end the story finally saying "The company is yours! Well done!".
